to TK abaz on the ground in Rafa in
southern Gaza T another night another
day of strikes no letup talk us through
the targets that have been
hit well um over night the Israeli
military in fact has carried out wide
military attacks from an gland as well
in many areas in the territory but one
of the bloodiest was carried out in Rafa
District here in the Souther part of the
Gaza Strip where at least eight
Palestinians have been reported killed
including five children the attack has
been carried out against a Farmland that
uh that was a refuge for a Palestinian
family that was completely targeted
without any prior warning and clearly as
you can hear right now that there is a
clear Act of military movement for the
Israeli surveillance of drones since the
early hours of today's morning as a part
of their ongoing security uh and
intelligence gathering information on
the ground but clearly we have been
recording more air strikes across many
areas as well in the Gaza Strip
including ala and darl balah area which
these two towns have been witnessing
Mass demolishing process by the iSell
military in terms of residential houses
that completely become destroyed in that
area as the military right now is
operating to expand that Corridor and
what's worth mentioning as well that the
Israeli military has with the Drone from
the anarat a refugee camp uh after a
military operation that last for several
days in the middle areas of the the
territory and T it seems that there have
been some new developments around
movements of Israeli troops on the
ground
too well that's right the Israeli
military in fact has with has withdrawn
from anarat refugee camp leaving behind
mass destruction in civil infrastructure
along with residential buildings now
civil defense crews are working right
now in the Norther part of anos to
recover the victims and the injuries
from these locations they have been
finding out a number of uh uh
Palestinian dead bodies they have been
recovered and later being prepared to
therefore perial but yet the situation
on the ground sounds really critical and
more Israeli media reports emerging from
Israeli territory saying that the
Israeli uh the United States have been
saying that they are ready to support a
military incuron for rafah district if
the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu just tried to to carry out a
controlled retaliation to the Iranian
attack on Israeli territories in the
past few days but clearly also these
reports have been stressing on the fact
that it was a clear political maneuver
being made by the iseli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu in order to win a
permission from the American
Administration to start a military
incursion in Rafa as reports have been
saying that the Israeli military has
been deploying uh more uh artillery
tanks and armor vehicles in areas that
are to the borders with Rafa in
preparation for a potential military
attack on that very densely populated
area taboom in Rafa and Southern Gaza
for us with all the latest there thank
you
tar make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler